Update FortiAuthenticator with fixes and enhancements (#14430)
demisto/content: Packs/FortiAuthenticator/Integrations/FortiAuthenticator/README.md

#### Input
| **Argument Name** | **Description** | **Required** |
| --- | --- | --- |
| user_type | The user type:  localusers (Local Users), ldapuser (Remote Users) | Required | 

> | email | The user's email that defined in the User Information on FortiAuthenticator | Optional | 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| email | The user's email that is defined in the User Information on FortiAuthenticator | Optional | 
```

> | username | The username that defined in the User Information on FortiAuthenticator | Optional | 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| username | The username that is defined in the User Information on FortiAuthenticator | Optional | 
```

> | token_serial | The serial no. of assigned Token on FortiAuthenticator | Optional | 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| token_serial | The serial no. of the assigned Token on FortiAuthenticator | Optional | 
```

> - Note: You need either email, username or token_serial input in order to get it works.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Note: You need either an email, username, or token_serial input in order for the command to work.
```

#### Human Readable Output

### FortiAuthenticator User Info
|id|username|email|active|token_auth|token_type|token_serial|
|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|
| 7 | test_user | test_user@example.com | true | true | ftm | FTKMOB123456789A |

### fortiauthenticator-update-user
#### Input
| **Argument Name** | **Description** | **Required** |
| --- | --- | --- |
| user_type | The user type:  localusers (Local Users), ldapuser (Remote Users) | Required | 

> | email | The user's email that defined in the User Information on FortiAuthenticator | Optional | 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| email | The user's email that is defined in the User Information on FortiAuthenticator | Optional | 
```

> | username | The username that defined in the User Information on FortiAuthenticator | Optional | 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| username | The username that is defined in the User Information on FortiAuthenticator | Optional | 
```

| active | Define user's active status:  false = Disabled, true = enabled | Required | 

> - Note: You need either email or username input in order to get it works.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Note: You need either an email or username input in order for the command to work.
```
